the only residents of a weird seaside
town are adult women and young boys who
end up being pregnant welcome to total
recaps today we will explain a 2015
horror mystery sci-fi titled evolution
take a seat and enjoy
nicholas is a little kid who while frail
lives at the seashore with his mother
one day he notices a dead kid in the
water floating with a red starfish on
his belly
he immediately rushes across the dark
rocks of his town's coastline to share
his findings with his mother as soon as
possible
nicholas mother prepares horrible
dinners which she follows up with more
medicine for her son
nicholas interrogates his mother as to
the nature of his illness
his mother explains that males bodies
will weaken and alter as they get older
and all boys on the island are required
to receive treatments
later they visit the beach to search for
the corpse of a young boy despite mum
discovering and retrieving the starfish
she admits that the corpse is missing
after nightfall all the moms are spotted
congregating someplace on the island
they're planning on heading to the beach
nicholas mother returns with a dead
corpse nicholas had found earlier
other moms surrounded as it is returned
the following day nicholas can be seen
playing with the starfish he becomes
enraged when the other kid teases him
for being scared of it and so he beats
the youngster up after that he cuts off
one of the starfish's arms
after his tantrum his mother brings him
to a hospital where he may have his
regular checkups
after the doctor at the hospital injects
the yellow liquid into nicolas stomach
he is ordered to remain in the hospital
for one night following the operation
nicholas is placed in a ward alongside
other boys who have had a similar
procedure they begin to have doubts
about the nature of their illness
nurses are seen viewing films of
cesarean sections being done in the
background of the scenario at night
nicholas is discharged from the hospital
the next day and he starts to think that
his mother and the nurses have lied to
him about his condition later that night
he pays a visit to his friend's home
victor and the two of them sneak out in
the middle of the night to see what the
moms are up to in their bedrooms
victor on the other hand becomes
frightened while on their journey and
flees back home
nicholas is determined to uncover the
truth and continues his journey
when he arrives he is taken aback by
what he discovers
it seems to him that the ladies are
laying together totally naked in the
dirt writhing about and transferring
some item from one to another
he quickly returns to his house
a few hours later at home he spies on
his mother as she takes a shower he
notices that she has what looks to be
suckers on her back nicholas is taken
back to the hospital and given an
ultrasound
they hear the heartbeat of a fetus much
to his mother's obvious delight and she
smiles
nicholas is then transferred to a
hospital room where he will remain for
another night as he awaits the outcome
of the final operation
he meets other youngsters in that room
including his closest buddy victor
victor is taken to the operating room
later that night immediately after the
procedure a creature is extracted from
his stomach and placed in an enclosing
container
victor succumbs to his injuries during
the surgery
in the morning nicholas inquires of the
nurse about the whereabouts of victor
the nurse assures nicholas that victor
is healing and that he should not be
concerned
a conch shell is brought into the ward
by a nurse who claims that victor has
sent it to them on behalf of the
patients
nicholas's mother pays him a visit and
she gives him something to eat
he on the other hand will not eat
anything she prepares for him he accuses
her of not being his biological mother
they then take him away and sedate him
as he is forced to stay in the hospital
he makes a new friend a nurse called
stella and stella seems to have a soft
spot for nicholas
stella sneaks crayons into nicholas's
room and paints beside him
drawings by nicholas depict a dead kid
in the starfish as well as many other
objects stella then reveals a secret to
him she hands nicholas a file containing
photographs of women with suckers
strapped to their backs including one of
a small child that night she brings him
down to the sea where she shows him the
suckers on her back and lets him to
touch them before plunging him into the
ocean
nicholas on the other hand passes out as
a result of being in the water for too
long
stella performs cardiopulmonary
resuscitation on him right away
nicholas is admitted to the hospital
once again
in the middle of the night he slips into
another room and meets up with one of
the guys
when nicholas approaches the kid places
nicholas's palm on his own tummy and
nicholas notices that the boy's body is
moving as a result of this he flees from
the room in terror and enters a separate
one
one of the lads is floating in a tank in
that room which he notices
he is apprehended a little time later by
a nurse
and then he is brought to the hospital
for the last operation
nicholas wakes up in a tank after
undergoing surgery
he is restrained and he notices what
seems to be two infants within the tank
where he is being held he is taken aback
by what he sees and passes out the next
morning nicholas wakes up and finds
himself beside the water with stella
they enter the water once again but this
time she swims with him while pressing
her lips against his allowing him to
breathe underwater
they both end up in a tiny rowboat that
is drifting away from the island after
she pushes him to the surface of the
water
stella sneaks back into the sea probably
in order to return to the island
nicholas remains aboard the boat and by
dark he has made his way closer to the
port of a large city and with that the
film comes to a close
[Music]
this movie is a mess and will have you
perplexed in no time
so this is what's really happening
let's begin by discussing starfishes
when it's time to make starfishes
generally do so with a member of the
opposing sex but a limb cut from a
starfish may become a whole new starfish
they can breathe underwater thanks to
their bizarre respiratory system that
utilizes sea water for circulation
several of them have suckers to allow
them to attach to surfaces
as you can see evolution applies these
ideas to human evolution
in this scenario we can observe a group
of humans enjoying a normal life
somewhere near the ocean
no girls are grown men
later in the movie evolution the females
show the viewer that they are human-like
water-based creatures that breathe
underwater the film shows female adults
with suckers on their backs revealing
that they have similar anatomy to people
they are like normal people but they are
members of a species that evolve to
dwell on land
houses aren't even outside of their
capabilities
however this all-female group is simply
attempting to live and provide for their
tribe
they are sea going animals that feed
fish and spend time swimming
it seems that there is just one method
to have children you need to place the
zygote outside of the body in the belly
of a young boy up to one point these
guys bodies can house the fetus
in order to remove the fetuses we must
first grow them outside of the body
boys may be raised in water tanks as the
fetus develops outwards linked to the
child
the doctors are treating nicholas with
medicine
it's reasonable to believe that his body
is getting ready to carry the fetus the
zygote is injected into him at the
appropriate moment and he admits to it
other boys are being given the same
treatment at the institution
the guys have been misled to and told
that their body is changing and
therefore they have to be isolated
stella has developed feelings for
nicholas and has now taken an interest
in his well-being
she displays to him photos of little
girls with fish-like suction devices on
their backs in a file
these are the embryos that have
developed to their fullest potential
look at all the ladies they gathered
stella takes nicholas to swim in the
ocean i don't think she is attempting to
drown him in this bath
stella is probably attempting to
determine how long he can hold his
breath if she has to go to the open
ocean
stella rescues him giving him cpr to
resuscitate it
in this hypothesis it is assumed that
young boys are being abducted from
cities and brought to this beach town on
a regular basis
the lads grow up and have no idea of
their roots ultimately they perish
the hypothesis would explain why the
humanoids choose to mimic human
lifestyles
this would reveal how they get their
items including tv sets and surgical
films i believe they visit human cities
to stock up on supplies for their family
planning initiatives
thank you for watching if you want to
see more make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications
see you later